# Chain-Exchange Whitepaper
An exchange protocol across different block-chain technologies

## Abstract
Bitcoin and Ether are examples of major digital currencies on the market today. Currently such digital currencies are traded in traditional centeralized exchanges. Etherium provides infrastructure for creating tokens on the Etherium blockchain, hence, such tokens can be exchanged using smart contracts and the transaction will be confirmed within the Etherium blockchain. However, a decenteralized exchange of assets across different technologies, such as Bitcoin to Ether exchange is not possible today without modifying the existing blockchain protocols. Additionally, each blockchain technology has its own strenghts and weaknesses. The ability of freely moving within technologies can prove extremely useful. In this paper we propose a new intermediate token and exchange system which can be pegged to another digital asset or used as exchange medium between different assets with different decenteralized transaction management technologies. We discuss an example token called **Bitcoin-fast** which its value is pegged to Bitcoin. Bitcoin-fast could be transacted on a Tangle such as IOTA, hence once can exchange her Bitcoins to Bitcoing-fast, make any number of transactions without a fee (possible in Tangle) and exchange the Bitcoin-fast tokens back to Bitcoin with no volatility in the exchange rate. We present the concept of **Proof of Burn** to enable the exchanges without relying on a centeralized market maker. The proposed method works similarly for any other digital currency or asset as long as their underlying blockchain provides certain features.

